Implement an opt-in improved JS framework (Snowboard) (#354)
wintercms/winter: tests/js/README.md

# Winter JS Framework Testing Suite

> The files in this directory form the testing suite for the new Winter JS Framework (`framework-next`). You must install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files in this directory form the testing suite for the Snowboard JS Framework (`Snowboard`). You must install
```

all Node dependencies in order to run the testing suite:

```bash
cd tests/js
npm install
```

You can then run the tests by using the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

> Please note that the tests are run against the "built" versions of Winter JS Framework and modules, in order to test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the tests are run against the "built" versions of Snowboard and plugins, in order to test
```

the exact same functionality that would be delivered to the end user. We do this by leveraging the `JSDOM` library to
simulate an entire HTML document.

Therefore, you must compile a new build if you make any changes and wish to run the tests:

```bash

> php artisan mix:compile --package framework

Reviewer: More of a comment for the `mix:compile` and `winter:test` commands, but we should have the same alias for both of them shouldn't we? Or does it make more sense for this to be `--package snowboard`?

Author: Probably should be "snowboard" to make it clear what is being compiled - it'll also be less likely a name to be used anywhere else.
